I want you to burn into your nervous
system the following statement because
it is a fundamental truth of the human
condition it is literally the base line
physics of what it means to be a person
as Earl Nightingale said we become what
we think about and that's an idea that I
want you to hold firmly in your mind
that's something that I really want you
to internalize I really want you to stop
right now whatever you're doing I want
you to stop lean into this video and
listen to what I'm saying you will
become what you think about really think
about that for a second as if it wasn't
just a phrase as if it's more than just
words as if it were a truth about how
the brain works because it is you're
going to become the thing that you think
about and I know that you're dwelling on
a lot of negative I know that
you're carrying a lot of baggage with
you and I know that as you think about
how things might go wrong that you
believe you believe to the core of your
being that you're just planning for the
hard times but the truth is you're going
to become those things that you fear
you're going to become the things that
you dread if you're thinking about all
the things you've done wrong in the past
you are going to simply continue that
cycle but if on the other hand and let
this be true let this ring in your ears
with the weight of everything that I
carry if I've ever added an ounce of
value to you if anything I have ever
said it seems remotely true believe that
these are the most important words I'm
ever going to save you if you begin
to focus on positive things if you begin
to focus on your capabilities if you
begin to focus on a potential that you
have if you really dig in build those
skills drive towards something beautiful
something amazing something that leaves
you in awe but you want to create that
you want to become the vessel for that
then you will you will become that thing
because you will take those steps
because you become what you think about
and as Mark Twain said 20 years from now
you'll be more disappointed by the
things that you didn't do so if you
don't take those steps if you don't
focus on those things if you don't
manifest what you want to become if you
don't believe in it but you don't see
how real it can be if you can't picture
the version of yourself that you want to
become and even though people have told
you that it's not possible for you that
the things you did in the past are never
going to allow you to do that but you're
not smart enough if you let that creep
into your mind then that's what's gonna
happen but if you can see that vision if
you can allow yourself to believe it
then you're going to take the steps that
you need to execute against that and if
you go out there and do those things you
won't regret it but you will regret it
if you don't
so get out right now and build the
person you want to be so you can have
the life you want to have
[Music]